Update service_definitions.md - add v3 details (#22980)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/service_definitions.md

### Metadata Schema v3.0 (beta) 
The Entity Definition Schema is a structure that contains basic information about an entity. See the [full schema on GitHub][1].

#### Example 

> ##### YAML for `kind:application`

Reviewer: Are you intending for there to be additional examples added down the road? Otherwise, I would suggest removing the "YAML for `kind:application`" header and combining it with the "Example" header. So something like "Example YAML for `kind:application`"

      provider: github
      url: http://github/shopping-cart
      type: repo
  contacts:
    - name: Support Email
      type: email
      contact: team@shopping.com
    - name: Support Slack
      type: slack
      contact: https://www.slack.com/archives/shopping-cart
  owner: myteam
  additionalOwners:
    - name: opsTeam
      type: operator
integrations:
  pagerduty:
    serviceURL: https://www.pagerduty.com/service-directory/Pshopping-cart
  opsgenie:
    serviceURL: https://www.opsgenie.com/service/shopping-cart
    region: US
spec:
  components:
    - service:myservice
    - service:otherservice
extensions:
  datadoghq.com/shopping-cart:
    customField: customValue
datadog:
  performanceData:
    tags:
      - 'service:shopping-cart'
      - 'hostname:shopping-cart'
  events:
    - name: "deployment events"
      query: "app:myapp AND type:github"
    - name: "event type B"
      query: "app:myapp AND type:github"
  logs:
    - name: "critical logs"
      query: "app:myapp AND type:github"
    - name: "ops logs"
      query: "app:myapp AND type:github"
  pipelines:
    fingerprints:
      - fp1
      - fp2
{{< /code-block >}}

#### Common Questions

> ##### How do I specify common components (e.g., orders-postgres) that are part of multiple applications

Reviewer: Since there's only one question here, I would recommend having a single header that says something like "Specify common components that are part of multiple applications"

> For example, if orders-postgres is a part of the overall postgres fleet managed by a database admin or infrastructure team, but also a critical part of the shopping-cart application. In this case, you will specify two application YAMLs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the datastore `orders-postgres` is a component of both a postgres fleet and a web application, specify two YAMLs:
```

> One for the postgres fleet (managed-postgres):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the postgres fleet (`managed-postgres`):
```

{{< code-block lang="yaml" filename="service.datadog.yaml" collapsible="true" >}}
apiVersion: v3
kind: application
spec:
  components:
    - datastore:orders-postgres
    - datastore:foo-postgres
    - datastore:bar-postgres
metadata:
  name: managed-postgres
  owner: db-team
{{< /code-block >}}

> A separate one for the shopping-cart application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One for the web application (`shopping-cart`):
```
